said we gotta cut the card you don't pay
your bills I pay my bills swipe it one
more time nothing wrong with that card
Randy go get a devil Sandhya pessoal
naan bread on morehead you also have you
already know beside me i bet that was
hurtful wasn't it r for harmful exceeded
the credit limit i use the card for
coffee and gas florida great beyond
water sports never heard of it I'm in
Colorado we don't have beaches you know
we're landlocked Patterson you missed
your court date in Florida three days
ago better have into Florida pull
election the hell is this fatty guess
this is the person who stole your
identity bill message in person in
person sandy Bigelow Patterson your seat
you know what keeps a card it's done
look at her she's like a hobbit I can
handle her going after Bilbo this is
crazy you don't chase criminals you know
Batman Oh neck neck hurts huh why don't
we swap information sandy Bigelow
Patterson Bigelow such a rare name it's
a family name Jeremiah Bigelow was a
pretty well-known bear hunter sons brave
here's my driver's license with my name
sandy Bigelow Patterson gotcha
we're gonna blow talk we can be adults
about this yeah let's
oh thank god you're all right though huh
yeah rental car doesn't have a scratch
on it whoa that's great news cars fine
what's more important you should put
your hazards on